Topic # 42 Well-Practiced Skills don't Require Conscious Attention
	Embelishment
	I want to elaborate on the book's point that Multitasking doesn't exist the way most people think it does. I agree with the book that the visualization of people multitasking is not what most people think it is. Based on my experience and the comments of others that I have talked to about this topic. Over those conversations, I have come to a couple of opinions about Multitasking. 
	The most important opinion about Multitasking is that trying to multitask is very inefficient. Most people, when they try to do multiple tasks at once, tend to miss steps and create more issues than if they had just focused on one task at a time. An example of me falling for this is trying to fix a project's build pipeline. While also trying to program a new feature into an entirely different project. What ended up happening is I messed up the build pipeline to the point that I had to restore from the main branch, and the work I did on the new feature had to be redone. Most of the time, you will find that focusing on a single task at a time works best. You will actually get all of the tasks done faster than if you tried working on them at the same time.

	Visualization
	The visualization I picked is the most frustrating type of video to watch. On the other hand, it is a perfect example of how users will do a task repetitively and make mistakes. So it is best to avoid repetitive tasks whenever possible. Admittedly, I also chose the video to mess with anyone who watches it. :)

https://www.tiktok.com/@robotsdraw/video/7099528392143539502?lang=en

Topic #43 Expectations of Frequency Affect Attention

Embelishment
	I want to elaborate more on why this topic is essential to UI design. It is vital to keep your UI pattern consistent, so users can more easily navigate your site. The method you use to catch people's attention needs to be attention-grabbing and not used often. At the same time, most people will understand the attention-grabbing portion of things. They will forget that if you cry wolf often enough, people will start to ignore the "fake" warnings. It is essential that, as you design your application's workflow, your warning messages actually mean something. Sending warnings that the user just did an action in the application should not use the same warning box as when an error occurs. 

Visualization
	In the visualization I am providing, I point out that many of us also view prompts for action differently. For instance, this snippet is from my school email about the number of unread emails I have. Many people will look at that number and laugh while also sharing that they have 15 times that number unread. Others will be astounded that this number is not 0. It is a Visualization about attention to signals. Also, my personal emails are almost always at 0 unless I mark them as unread so that I can come back to them later.